Update skype-room-systems-v2.md (#3365)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/room-systems/skype-room-systems-v2.md

> [!NOTE]

> > If you are currently using E1, E3, E4, E5 SKUs with Skype for Business Plan 2 with Audio conferencing or with Office365 Phone System and a Calling Plan, these will continue to work. However, you should consider moving to a simpler licensing model in the table above after current licenses expire.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you are currently using E1, E3, E4, E5 SKUs with Skype for Business Plan 2 with Audio Conferencing or with Office 365 Phone System and a Calling Plan, these will continue to work. However, you should consider moving to a simpler licensing model in the table above after current licenses expire.  
```
